Hi, and welcome to your intake. This
tool is here to help you with the
re-entry process. It will ask you about
your life, your goals, and what you need
to be successful.
The answers you give will help create a
personal plan just for you. This program
will also make a summary for the
correction staff you will work with so
they can understand your needs and
support you better.
So, how does this tool work? When you
click start intake below, you'll start a
conversation with a chatbot computer
program. The chatbot will ask you about
where you live, your job history, your
education, and more. After each
question, you'll have time to type your
answer. Feel free to be as open as
you're comfortable with. The more
information you give, the more the tool
can help you build a great plan.
Take your time with the questions. You
can stop and think as much as you need
to.
The whole thing takes about 30 to 60
minutes, but if you need to leave and
come back later, it will remember where
you left off.
When you're done, the tool will use your
answers to create an action plan just
for you.
This plan gives you and the staff you
are working with ideas for reaching your
goals and can make suggestions for
getting jobs, housing, and other
services. You all will sit down and
review the plan to two notes before
getting started. First, it's important
to know that you are chatting with a
computer, not a real person. This is
called artificial intelligence or AI.
Also, please note that the correction
staff you work with will be able to see
the answers that you give during this
intake.
That's it. Thanks for listening. Click
start intake to get started.